ROX-17004: Updating BPF CO-RE section and adding known issue (#61852)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/41-release-notes.adoc

[id="known-issues_{context}"]
=== Known issues

> * For secured clusters on {ibm-z} and {ibm-linuxone} that are running {ocp} 4.10, Collector fails to start. There is currently no workaround for this issue. (ROX-18058)

Reviewer: I think we should mention the core_bpf workaround here, perhaps: 
```suggestion
* For secured clusters on {ibm-z} and {ibm-linuxone} that are running {ocp} 4.10, Collector fails to start using the default configuration. As a workaround, enable CORE_BPF<link to corebpf section> collection method. (ROX-18058)
```

> * For secured clusters on {ibm-z} and {ibm-linuxone} that are running {ocp} 4.10, Collector fails to start using the default configuration. As a workaround, enable the xref:../release_notes/41-release-notes.adoc#new-collection-method-based-on-bpf-co-re-technology-preview_release-notes-41[CORE_BPF collection method] (Technology Preview). (ROX-18058)

Reviewer 2: To me this could read two ways:

* it fails to start up when you're using the default configuration
* it fails to begin using this configuration

If it's the former, maybe some tweak to clarify, like "Collector fails to start when the default configuration is used.". If it's the latter, then some other tweak that I can't give a suggestion for :smile:

Author: Thanks - it's #1, so I will adjust accordingly!
